Add release note for nix build-trace command (#15952)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/rl-next/nix-build-trace.md

---
synopsis: Rename `nix realisation` to `nix build-trace`
prs: [15948]
---

> The `nix realisation` subcommand, used for the unstable `CADerivations` feature,

Reviewer: Maybe kebab case? Thats the user visible name of the feature.

```suggestion
The `nix realisation` subcommand, used for the unstable `ca-derivations` feature,
```
